INPUT PROMPT:
You are extracting clinical trial data from a research paper.

TASK: Extract values for the following canonical columns. Use EXACT column names as listed.

COLUMNS TO EXTRACT:
- Column index 1: "Primary Endpoint(s)"
  Definition: What the main outcome(s) or objective(s) that the clinical trial is designed to measure or achieve?. If reported, provide the value; otherwise use 'Not reported'.
  Expected Location: Page 1 | text
  Planner Confidence: high
  Extraction Instructions:
  The primary objective was "to test the hypothesis that the median overall survival would be 33.3% longer among patients receiving docetaxel added to ADT early during therapy than among patients receiving ADT alone." This is stated in the "METHODS" section of the abstract.

RELEVANT CHUNKS:
--- Chunk 4 (TEXT on page 1-5) ---
From the Department of Medicine (C.J.S.) and the Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology (Y.-H.C.), Dana–Farber Cancer Institute, Boston; Harvard Medical School, Boston (C.J.S.); Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore (M.C., M.E.); University of Wisconsin Carbone Cancer Center (G.L., D.F.J.) and School of Medi-cine and Public Health (D.F.J.), Madison; Fox Chase Cancer Center, Temple Univer-sity Health System, Philadelphia (Y.-N.W.); Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Cent...

GUIDELINES:
- For each listed column, extract a value if explicitly present; otherwise set value=null.
- Provide evidence as an exact quote, page number(s), confidence (high/medium/low).
- Use the EXACT column names from the list above.

Output format (for each column):
Column index <N>: "<Exact Column Name>"
Value: <extracted value or null>
Evidence: "<exact quote>"
Page: <page number>
Confidence: <high/medium/low>


OUTPUT:
Column index 1: "Primary Endpoint(s)"  
Value: The primary objective was "to test the hypothesis that the median overall survival would be 33.3% longer among patients receiving docetaxel added to ADT early during therapy than among patients receiving ADT alone."  
Evidence: "The primary objective was to test the hypothesis that the median overall survival would be 33.3% longer among patients receiving docetaxel added to ADT early during therapy than among patients receiving ADT alone."  
Page: 1  
Confidence: high