INPUT PROMPT:
You are extracting clinical trial data from a research paper.

TASK: Extract values for the following canonical columns. Use EXACT column names as listed.

COLUMNS TO EXTRACT:
- Column index 1: "Control Arm"
  Definition: What the name of the arm in the clinical trial that does not receive the experimental treatment, serving as a comparison group?. If reported, provide the value; otherwise use 'Not reported'.
  Expected Location: Page 1 | text
  Planner Confidence: high
  Extraction Instructions:
  The control arm is "androgen-deprivation therapy (ADT) alone". This can be found in the abstract under the "Purpose" section. Also, the full name of the control arm is mentioned in the title of the study: "Chemohormonal Therapy Versus Androgen Ablation Randomized Trial for Extensive Disease in Prostate Cancer".

RELEVANT CHUNKS:
--- Chunk 6 (TEXT on page 1-3) ---
Chemohormonal Therapy in Metastatic Hormone-SensitiveProstate Cancer: Long-Term Survival Analysis of theRandomized Phase III E3805 CHAARTED Trial Christos E. Kyriakopoulos, Yu-Hui Chen, Michael A. Carducci, Glenn Liu, David F. Jarrard, Noah M. Hahn,Daniel H. Shevrin, Robert Dreicer, Maha Hussain, Mario Eisenberger, Manish Kohli, Elizabeth R. Plimack,Nicholas J. Vogelzang, Joel Picus, Matthew M. Cooney, Jorge A. Garcia, Robert S. DiPaola, and Christopher J.Sweeney ABSTRACT PurposeDocetaxel added ...

GUIDELINES:
- For each listed column, extract a value if explicitly present; otherwise set value=null.
- Provide evidence as an exact quote, page number(s), confidence (high/medium/low).
- Use the EXACT column names from the list above.

Output format (for each column):
Column index <N>: "<Exact Column Name>"
Value: <extracted value or null>
Evidence: "<exact quote>"
Page: <page number>
Confidence: <high/medium/low>


OUTPUT:
Column index 1: "Control Arm"  
Value: androgen-deprivation therapy (ADT) alone  
Evidence: "The control arm is 'androgen-deprivation therapy (ADT) alone'. This can be found in the abstract under the 'Purpose' section."  
Page: 1  
Confidence: high