INPUT PROMPT:
You are extracting clinical trial data from a research paper.

TASK: Extract values for the following canonical columns. Use EXACT column names as listed.

COLUMNS TO EXTRACT:
- Column index 1: "Secondary Endpoint(s)"
  Definition: What the secondary outcome(s) or objective(s) of the clinical trial, in addition to the primary endpoint, that are being measured or evaluated?. If reported, provide the value; otherwise use 'Not reported'.
  Expected Location: Page 3 | text
  Planner Confidence: high
  Extraction Instructions:
  The secondary endpoints are mentioned in the last paragraph of the "Procedures" section. Extract the following: "Secondary end points included time to development of CRPC, defined either serologically or clinically from the time of random assignment until PSA progression, development of worsening symptoms, evidence of radiographic progression, or patient's deterioration as per investigator's opinion."

RELEVANT CHUNKS:
--- Chunk 6 (TEXT on page 1-3) ---
Chemohormonal Therapy in Metastatic Hormone-SensitiveProstate Cancer: Long-Term Survival Analysis of theRandomized Phase III E3805 CHAARTED Trial Christos E. Kyriakopoulos, Yu-Hui Chen, Michael A. Carducci, Glenn Liu, David F. Jarrard, Noah M. Hahn,Daniel H. Shevrin, Robert Dreicer, Maha Hussain, Mario Eisenberger, Manish Kohli, Elizabeth R. Plimack,Nicholas J. Vogelzang, Joel Picus, Matthew M. Cooney, Jorge A. Garcia, Robert S. DiPaola, and Christopher J.Sweeney ABSTRACT PurposeDocetaxel added ...

--- Chunk 7 (TEXT on page 3-6) ---
function suitable for docetaxel. All patients provided written informedconsent before study entry. The study was conducted in accordance withthe Declaration of Helsinki for human subject protection. ProceduresEligible patients were randomly assigned at a one-to-one ratio toADTalone versus ADT plus docetaxel at a dose of 75 mg/m2 every 3 weeksfor up to six cycles without daily prednisone. Randomization was stratiﬁedaccording to age (, 70 v $ 70 years), Eastern Cooperative OncologyGroup performanc...

GUIDELINES:
- For each listed column, extract a value if explicitly present; otherwise set value=null.
- Provide evidence as an exact quote, page number(s), confidence (high/medium/low).
- Use the EXACT column names from the list above.

Output format (for each column):
Column index <N>: "<Exact Column Name>"
Value: <extracted value or null>
Evidence: "<exact quote>"
Page: <page number>
Confidence: <high/medium/low>


OUTPUT:
Column index 1: "Secondary Endpoint(s)"
Value: Secondary end points included time to development of CRPC, defined either serologically or clinically from the time of random assignment until PSA progression, development of worsening symptoms, evidence of radiographic progression, or patient's deterioration as per investigator's opinion.
Evidence: "Secondary end points included time to development of CRPC, defined either serologically or clinically from the time of random assignment until PSA progression, development of worsening symptoms, evidence of radiographic progression, or patient's deterioration as per investigator's opinion."
Page: 3
Confidence: high