original reports
Orteronel for Metastatic
Hormone-Sensitive Prostate Cancer: A
Multicenter, Randomized, Open-Label Phase III
Trial (SWOG-1216)
Neeraj Agarwal, MD1; Catherine M. Tangen, DrPH2; Maha H.A. Hussain, MD3; Shilpa Gupta, MD4; Melissa Plets, MS2; Primo N. Lara, MD5;
Andrea L. Harzstark, MD6; Przemyslaw W. Twardowski, MD7; Channing J. Paller, MD8; Dylan Zylla, MD9; Matthew R. Zibelman, MD10;
Ellis Levine, MD11; Bruce J. Roth, MD12; Amir Goldkorn, MD13; Daniel A. Vaena, MD14,15; Manish Kohli, MD1,16; Tony Crispino17;
Nicholas J. Vogelzang, MD18; Ian M. Thompson Jr, MD19; and David I. Quinn, MD13
abstract
PURPOSE Orteronel (TAK-700) is a nonsteroidal 17,20-lyase inhibitor suppressing androgen synthesis. We
evaluated the clinical beneﬁt of orteronel when added to androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) in patients with
newly diagnosed metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer.
METHODS In this open-label randomized phase III study, patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate
cancer were randomly assigned 1:1 to ADT with orteronel (300 mg oral twice daily; experimental arm) or ADT
with bicalutamide (50 mg oral once daily; control arm). The primary objective was the comparison of overall
survival (OS), targeting a 33% improvement in median survival. A stratiﬁed log-rank test with a one-sided P #
.022 would indicate statistical signiﬁcance. Secondary end points were progression-free survival (PFS), prostate-
speciﬁc antigen (PSA) level at 7 months (# 0.2 v 0.2 to # 4 v . 4 ng/mL), and adverse event proﬁle.
RESULTS Among 1,279 patients included in the analysis, 638 were randomly assigned to the ADT plus orteronel
arm and 641 to the control arm. The median age was 68 years; 49% had extensive disease. After a median
follow-up of 4.9 years, there was a signiﬁcant improvement in PFS (median 47.6 v 23.0 months, hazard ratio
0.58; 95% CI, 0.51 to 0.67; P , .0001) and PSA response at 7 months (P , .0001), but not in OS (median
81.1 v 70.2 months, hazard ratio 0.86; 95% CI, 0.72 to 1.02; P 5 .040, one-sided). More grade 3/4 adverse
events occurred in the experimental versus the control arms (43% v 14%). Postprotocol life-prolonging therapy
was received by 77.4% of patients in the control arm and 61.3% of patients in the orteronel arm.
CONCLUSION The study did not meet the primary end point of improved OS with orteronel. The lack of correlation
of PFS and PSA response with OS raises concerns over assumption of their consistent surrogacy for OS in the
context of extensive postprotocol therapy in this setting.
J Clin Oncol 00. © 2022 by American Society of Clinical Oncology
INTRODUCTION
The cornerstone of treatment for metastatic hormone-
sensitive prostate cancer (mHSPC) is androgen depri-
vation therapy (ADT) with medical or surgical castra-
tion.1 However, disease progression universally occurs
on ADT, mediated by extragonadal production of an-
drogens or androgen-independent activation of an-
drogen receptor.1 The treatment paradigm of mHSPC
has evolved over the past decade with multiple trials
showing improved survival by intensiﬁcation of ADT with
either docetaxel chemotherapy or abiraterone, which
inhibits a pivotal enzyme in intra- and extragonadal
androgen synthesis (ie, CYP17 [CYP17 hydroxylase,
CYP17, 20 lyase]) located in the testes and adrenal
glands.1-5 More recently, two direct, potent, and speciﬁc
inhibitors of the androgen receptor, apalutamide and
enzalutamide, were approved on the basis of improved
survival in phase III trials.1,6,7 Currently, the most
common sequencing of these agents in the treatment of
metastatic prostate cancer is abiraterone acetate fol-
lowed by enzalutamide or docetaxel.8 One challenge
with abiraterone acetate is the requirement for coad-
ministration of corticosteroids because of inhibition of
CYP17 hydroxylase.1 This results in diminished cortisol
production and leads to secondary mineralocorticoid
excess, with symptoms such as electrolyte abnormali-
ties, hypertension, and edema.1
Orteronel (TAK-700) is a novel CYP17 inhibitor. In
comparison with abiraterone acetate, orteronel inhibits
CYP17, 20 lyase with greater speciﬁcity compared with
CYP17 hydroxylase and does not generally lead to the
syndrome of secondary mineralocorticoid excess.9,10
ASSOCIATED
CONTENT
Appendix
Data Sharing
Statement
Protocol
Author afﬁliations
and support
information (if
applicable) appear
at the end of this
article.
Accepted on March
18, 2022 and
published at
ascopubs.org/journal/
jco on April 21, 2022:
DOI https://doi.org/10.
1200/JCO.21.02517
1
Downloaded from ascopubs.org by Mayo Foundation--Rochester on April 26, 2022 from 129.176.151.025
Copyright © 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology. All rights reserved. 


We hypothesized that the addition of orteronel to ADT would
improve overall survival (OS), progression-free survival
(PFS), and prostate-speciﬁc antigen (PSA) response rela-
tive to bicalutamide with ADT among men with mHSPC.
METHODS
Trial Design and Conduct
The S1216 trial was a phase III, randomized, open-label,
multicenter trial involving patients with mHSPC. The trial
was designed by the SWOG study team and was approved
by the National Cancer Institute (NCI). Patients were en-
rolled
from
248
academic
and
community
centers
throughout the United States, incorporating three other
NCI-funded cooperative groups (ECOG-ACRIN, ALLIANCE,
and NRG). The NCI Central Institutional Review Board
approved the initial version of the Protocol (online only) and
all subsequent amendments. The study was conducted in
accordance with the International Conference on Harmo-
nization of Good Clinical Practice guidelines and the
principles of the Declaration of Helsinki. Signed written
consent was obtained from all patients. First and last au-
thors (N.A. and D.I.Q.) and the statisticians (C.M.T. and
M.P.) among the authors assume responsibility for the
completeness and accuracy of the data and analyses and
for the ﬁdelity of the trial to the Protocol.
Patients and Interventions
Eligible patients were required to have histologically con-
ﬁrmed adenocarcinoma of the prostate and metastatic
disease as evidenced by soft tissue and/or bony metasta-
ses. Enrolled patients had a Zubrod performance status of
0-2; a Zubrod performance status of 3 was allowed if from
bone pain only and a PSA $ 2.0 ng/mL. No other prior
systemic therapy for metastatic prostate cancer was
allowed (with the exception of up to 30 days of ADT for
metastatic disease before registration), and at least 6 months
must have elapsed since completion of prior neoadjuvant
and/or adjuvant ADT. Concomitant radiotherapy was allowed
only for baseline symptoms per investigator’s clinical judg-
ment during the ﬁrst 4 months of protocol treatment. Patients
who had not started any therapy with luteinizing hormone-
releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist, antagonist, or orchi-
ectomy (early induction group) and patients who had already
started therapy with LHRH agonist, antagonist, or orchi-
ectomy within 30 days before registration (late induction
group) were eligible. Patients who were deemed to have
extensive mHSPC were eligible for enrollment if, on the basis
of the judgment of the treating physician, they were un-
suitable candidates for docetaxel or if they declined doce-
taxel therapy.11
Exclusion criteria included brain metastases; prior therapy
with ketoconazole, abiraterone acetate, or enzalutamide;
New York Heart Association class III or IV heart failure at
screening or thromboembolic event; unstable angina
pectoris; myocardial infarction; or serious uncontrolled
cardiac arrhythmia # 6 months before registration.
Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive
orteronel (300 mg) orally twice daily or bicalutamide (50
mg) administered orally once daily, in addition to contin-
uous ADT. Patient assignment was dynamically balanced
on three stratiﬁcation factors: severity of disease (minimal v
extensive), Zubrod performance status (0-1 v 2-3), and
preregistration treatment status (early v late induction).
Severity (or risk) of disease criteria in this study was orig-
inally reported in 1989, and since then, it has been used in
all SWOG trials in the mHSPC setting to date.11-13 Minimal
disease was deﬁned as involvement of vertebrae and/or
pelvic bones and/or lymph nodes, and extensive disease
was deﬁned as that with greater than minimal involvement.
Dynamic balancing is a general procedure for treatment
CONTEXT
Key Objective
We examined if adding orteronel, a novel androgen axis inhibitor, to androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) would improve
outcomes compared with ADT plus bicalutamide in men with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer in a phase III
trial.
Knowledge Generated
Addition of orteronel to ADT resulted in a signiﬁcant improvement in progression-free survival and prostate-speciﬁc antigen
response but not in overall survival (OS), the primary end point. Interestingly, the median OS of patients in the control arm
of SWOG-1216 was 24 months higher than that in patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer on the
SWOG-9346 trial (reported in 2013) who had similar disease severity and also received ADT plus bicalutamide (70.2 v 46
months).
Relevance
These results indicate that orteronel is likely not an effective androgen axis inhibitor compared with recently approved agents
in this setting. Higher than anticipated OS of patients in the control arm is reﬂective of therapeutic advancements made
over the past decade in men with metastatic prostate cancer.
2 © 2022 by American Society of Clinical Oncology
Agarwal et al
Downloaded from ascopubs.org by Mayo Foundation--Rochester on April 26, 2022 from 129.176.151.025
Copyright © 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology. All rights reserved. 
