The new engl and jour nal of medicine
n engl j med 377;4  nejm.org  July 27, 2017
352
From Gustave Roussy, University of Paris 
Sud, Villejuif, France (K.F.); Janssen Re-
search and Development, Los Angeles 
(N.T.), Beerse, Belgium (P.D.P.), San Diego, 
CA (T.K.), and Raritan, NJ (Y.C.P.); Insti-
tuto de Oncologia de Rosário, Rosário, 
Argentina (L.F.); National Cancer Center 
Hospital East, Chiba, Japan (N.M.); 12 de 
Octubre University Hospital, Madrid 
(A.R.-A.); P.A. Hertsen Moscow Cancer 
Research Institute, Moscow (B.Y.A.); 
Cerrahpaşa Medical Faculty, Istanbul Uni-
versity, Istanbul, Turkey (M.Ö.); Fudan 
University Shanghai Cancer Center, Shang-
hai, China (D.Y.); Studienpraxis Urologie, 
Nürtingen, Germany (S.F.); Oxford Uni-
versity Hospitals Foundation NHS Trust, 
Oxford, United Kingdom (A.P.); Janssen 
Global Services, Raritan, NJ (M.B.T.); and 
BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada 
(K.N.C.). Address reprint requests to Dr. 
Fizazi at the Department of Cancer Medi-
cine, Gustave Roussy, University of Paris 
Sud, 114 Rue Edouard Vaillant, Villejuif 
94800, France, or at ­karim​.­fizazi@​
­gustaveroussy​.­fr.
*	A complete list of the LATITUDE inves-
tigators is provided in the Supplemen-
tary Appendix, available at NEJM.org.
This article was published on June 4, 2017, 
at NEJM.org.
N Engl J Med 2017;377:352-60.
DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa1704174
Copyright © 2017 Massachusetts Medical Society.
BACKGROUND
Abiraterone acetate, a drug that blocks endogenous androgen synthesis, plus predni-
sone is indicated for metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. We evaluated the 
clinical benefit of abiraterone acetate plus prednisone with androgen-deprivation ther­
apy in patients with newly diagnosed, metastatic, castration-sensitive prostate cancer.
METHODS
In this double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial, we randomly assigned 1199 pa-
tients to receive either androgen-deprivation therapy plus abiraterone acetate (1000 mg 
daily, given once daily as four 250-mg tablets) plus prednisone (5 mg daily) (the 
abiraterone group) or androgen-deprivation therapy plus dual placebos (the placebo 
group). The two primary end points were overall survival and radiographic progression-
free survival.
RESULTS
After a median follow-up of 30.4 months at a planned interim analysis (after 406 pa-
tients had died), the median overall survival was significantly longer in the abiraterone 
group than in the placebo group (not reached vs. 34.7 months) (hazard ratio for death, 
0.62; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.51 to 0.76; P<0.001). The median length of radio-
graphic progression-free survival was 33.0 months in the abiraterone group and 14.8 
months in the placebo group (hazard ratio for disease progression or death, 0.47; 95% 
CI, 0.39 to 0.55; P<0.001). Significantly better outcomes in all secondary end points 
were observed in the abiraterone group, including the time until pain progression, next 
subsequent therapy for prostate cancer, initiation of chemotherapy, and prostate-
specific antigen progression (P<0.001 for all comparisons), along with next symptom-
atic skeletal events (P = 0.009). These findings led to the unanimous recommendation 
by the independent data and safety monitoring committee that the trial be unblinded 
and crossover be allowed for patients in the placebo group to receive abiraterone. Rates 
of grade 3 hypertension and hypokalemia were higher in the abiraterone group.
CONCLUSIONS
The addition of abiraterone acetate and prednisone to androgen-deprivation therapy 
significantly increased overall survival and radiographic progression-free survival in 
men with newly diagnosed, metastatic, castration-sensitive prostate cancer. (Funded 
by Janssen Research and Development; LATITUDE ClinicalTrials.gov number, 
NCT01715285.)
ABSTR ACT
Abiraterone plus Prednisone in Metastatic, 
Castration-Sensitive Prostate Cancer
Karim Fizazi, M.D., Ph.D., NamPhuong Tran, M.D., Luis Fein, M.D., 
Nobuaki Matsubara, M.D., Alfredo Rodriguez‑Antolin, M.D., Ph.D., 
Boris Y. Alekseev, M.D., Mustafa Özgüroğlu, M.D., Dingwei Ye, M.D., 
Susan Feyerabend, M.D., Andrew Protheroe, M.D., Ph.D., Peter De Porre, M.D., 
Thian Kheoh, Ph.D., Youn C. Park, Ph.D., Mary B. Todd, D.O.,  
and Kim N. Chi, M.D., for the LATITUDE Investigators*​
Original Article
The New England Journal of Medicine 
Downloaded from nejm.org at MAYO CLINIC LIBRARY on October 9, 2021. For personal use only. No other uses without permission. 
 Copyright © 2017 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved. 


n engl j med 377;4  nejm.org  July 27, 2017
353
Abiraterone plus Prednisone in Prostate Cancer
M
etastatic, castration-sensitive 
prostate cancer accounts for approxi-
mately 3% of all new prostate-cancer 
diagnoses in the United States.1 Historically, 
androgen-deprivation therapy consisting of bilat-
eral orchiectomy or luteinizing hormone–releas-
ing hormone analogues, with or without first-
generation androgen-receptor inhibitors, has been 
the standard of care.2 Although the majority of 
patients have an initial response to androgen-
deprivation therapy, most men with metastases 
have progression to castration-resistant prostate 
cancer within a median of approximately 1 year.3-5 
Resistance to androgen-deprivation therapy is 
largely driven by the reactivation of androgen-
receptor signaling through persistent adrenal an-
drogen production, up-regulation of intratumoral 
testosterone production, modification of the bi-
ologic characteristics of androgen receptors, and 
steroidogenic parallel pathways.2
The clinical benefit of adding docetaxel to 
androgen-deprivation therapy versus treatment 
with androgen-deprivation therapy alone has been 
shown in three randomized, phase 3 trials — 
Chemohormonal Therapy Versus Androgen Ab-
lation Randomized Trial for Extensive Disease in 
Prostate Cancer (CHAARTED),5,6 Systemic Ther-
apy in Advancing or Metastatic Prostate Cancer: 
Evaluation of Drug Efficacy (STAMPEDE),7 and 
GETUG-153,8 — which collectively included more 
than 3000 men with metastatic, castration-sensi-
tive prostate cancer. Androgen-deprivation ther-
apy plus docetaxel is now a standard of care for 
men with metastatic, castration-sensitive pros-
tate cancer who are eligible for chemotherapy, 
particularly those with a high metastatic burden, 
as defined in the respective studies.9-11 Barriers 
to the use of docetaxel include advanced patient 
age, poor performance status, coexisting illness-
es, and patient preferences.9,12 Retrospective analy-
ses exploring real-world practice patterns13,14 indi-
cate that men with newly diagnosed, metastatic, 
castration-sensitive prostate cancer who are not 
being treated in clinical trials may be nearly a 
decade older than those treated in clinical trials. 
The concern with respect to chemotherapy-related 
toxicity and the effect of coexisting illnesses on 
complications is based on the severity of the 
toxicity that has been observed. Chemotherapy-
related deaths were documented in all three 
randomized trials in which docetaxel was added 
to androgen-deprivation therapy.3,5,7
Abiraterone acetate, the prodrug of abiraterone, 
inhibits cytochrome P-450c17, a critical enzyme 
in androgen biosynthesis.15,16 Recent studies im-
plicate its active D4A metabolite in antitumor 
effects, presumably through blockade of multi-
ple steroidogenic enzymes and antagonism of the 
androgen receptor.17 Abiraterone acetate (here-
after referred to as abiraterone) in combination 
with prednisone has been shown to significantly 
increase overall survival and provide additional 
clinical benefits in patients with metastatic, 
castration-resistant prostate cancer who have 
not received chemotherapy and in those who 
have received previous docetaxel.18-22 The combi-
nation of abiraterone plus prednisone and andro-
gen-deprivation therapy has been shown to reduce 
tumor burden in men with high-risk, localized 
prostate cancer who are receiving neoadjuvant 
therapy, which suggests a potential role for 
inhibiting extragonadal androgen biosynthesis 
before the emergence of castration resistance in 
men with newly diagnosed, metastatic, castration-
sensitive prostate cancer.23,24 In LATITUDE, a 
multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-
controlled, phase 3 trial, we evaluated the addition 
of abiraterone plus prednisone to androgen-
deprivation therapy, as compared with androgen-
deprivation therapy and dual placebos, on overall 
survival, radiographic progression-free survival, 
and clinically relevant measures in men with 
newly diagnosed, metastatic, castration-sensitive 
prostate cancer.
Methods
Trial Design and Conduct
The trial was conducted at 235 sites in 34 coun-
tries in Europe, the Asia–Pacific region, Latin 
America, and Canada. The trial protocol (avail-
able with the full text of this article at NEJM.org) 
was approved by the review board at each par-
ticipating institution. The trial was conducted 
according to the principles of the Declaration of 
Helsinki and the International Conference on 
Harmonisation Good Clinical Practice Guide-
lines. All the patients provided written informed 
consent.
An independent data and safety monitoring 
committee was commissioned by the sponsor, 
Janssen Research and Development, to review 
safety data on a regular basis and review effi-
cacy data at planned interim analyses. The trial 
The New England Journal of Medicine 
Downloaded from nejm.org at MAYO CLINIC LIBRARY on October 9, 2021. For personal use only. No other uses without permission. 
 Copyright © 2017 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved. 
